# Privacy Policy

## 1. Introduction

This Privacy Policy is intended to protect the privacy of users of [www.sptfy.gg] (‘Spotify URL Shortener’) operated by [Pulselab - Calais Development/Sptfy] (‘us’, ‘our’, or ‘Company’). This policy explains what information is collected when you visit our Website or use our services and how that information is used and protected.

By using our Website, you agree to the practices set forth in this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review our Policy regularly and stay informed about updates.

## 2. Information Collected

### 2.1 Actively Collected Information

Our Website collects the following information in order to provide and improve our services:

- Shortened original URL (Uniform Resource Locator)
- Shortened URL code generated by the system
- Date and time of shortening the URL
- Number of clicks on the shortened URL

### 2.2 Automatically Collected Information

Our Website pays utmost attention to the privacy of users and does not collect the following personal data:

- IP (Internet Protocol) addresses
- Geographical location information
- Operating system knowledge
- Internet browser information

## 3. Use and Processing of Information

### 3.1 Intended Use

The information collected is used exclusively for the following purposes:

- Providing and maintaining the URL shortening service
- Improving service quality and optimising the user experience
- Statistical analyses (anonymous and aggregated)
- Fulfilment of legal obligations

### 3.2 Information Processing

The information collected is securely stored in our database. This information can only be accessed, viewed and changed when necessary by authorised personnel.

## 4. Information Sharing and Disclosure

### 4.1 Information Sharing with Third Parties

Our Website does not share the information it collects with third parties. However, information may be shared in the following exceptional cases:

- In case of legal obligation (court decision, requests from official institutions, etc.)
- In order to protect or defend the legal rights of our company
- In case of explicit consent of the user

### 4.2 Business Partners and Service Providers

In the process of operating our Website and providing our services, some third party technologies and services are used:

- Cloudflare (Content Delivery Network and Security Services)
- Google Ads (Advertising Services)

These third party service providers have their own privacy policies and may use their own cookies. We encourage our users to review the privacy policies of these service providers.

## User Accounts and Authentication

Our Website does not require the creation of a user account to benefit from our services. Therefore, account information of Google, iCloud, Outlook or similar platforms are not requested, collected or stored.

## Data Security and Protection Measures

Our company uses industry standard security protocols and technologies to ensure the security of the limited information it collects. These measures include:

- Encryption of data
- Secure server infrastructure
- Regular safety inspections
- Staff training and access control

However, we would like to remind you that no data transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure. Whilst we do our best to ensure the security of your data, we cannot guarantee absolute security.

## 9. Policy Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. In the event of material changes, we will post a notice on our Website and post the updated version of the policy here. We encourage you to regularly check for changes to our policy.

## 10. User Rights

Under applicable data protection laws, our users have certain rights. These rights may include:

- The right to request access to your information
- Right to request correction or deletion of your data
- Right to object to the processing of your data
- Right to data portability

If you wish to exercise these rights, please contact us using the contact details below.

## 11. Contact Details

If you have questions, concerns or requests about this Privacy Policy, please contact us in the following ways:

Company: Pulselab - Calais Development/Sptfy
Address: https://www.sptfy.gg/
E-mail: sptfy.gg@proton.me

## 12. Effective Date

This Privacy Policy entered into force on 02/10/2024.

Last updated: 02/10/2024

Translated with DeepL.com (free version)
